The data set used has 2,126 entries
The data set has 12 attributes
The attributes have the following data types: Test Durchgang: Enum/ Identifier; Schrauben ID: ENUM; Schraubentyp: ENUM; Kopfbreite (mm): Numerisch; Kopfdicke (mm): Numerisch; Laenge (mm): Numerisch; Gewicht (g): Numerisch; Durchmesser (mm): Numerisch; Beschichtung: ENUM; Klammer-Typ: Enum; Winkel (in Grad): Numerisch; Erfolgreich (Ja/Nein): Enum
Average 14.06, minimum 8, maximum 24.65
The data set was collected at Ravensburg Weingarten University
The data was collected in September 2024.
The data contains a selection of screws with fixed dimensions. Models that use screws with values outside the tested parameters can make incorrect statements. Potential falsifications can result from incorrect test setups
The target variable was filled in manually by the experimenter depending on the outcome of the experiment.
The algorithm used was the Decision Tree
The following parameters were used:- criterion: “gini” (used to measure the quality of a split)- splitter: “best” (used to choose the best split at each node)- max_depth: None (the tree grows until all leaves are pure or until all leaves contain less than min_samples_split samples)- min_samples_split: 2 (minimum number of samples required to split an internal node)- min_samples_leaf: 1 (minimum number of samples required to form a leaf node)- max_features: None (all features are taken into account)- random_state: 42 (used to ensure reproducibility)- max_leaf_nodes: None (unlimited number of leaf nodes)- min_impurity_decrease: 0.0 (no minimum threshold for splitting based on impurity decrease)
No normalization was carried out.
No outlier detection was carried out.
The accuracy was 93.4%.
The performance is sufficient for the selected case, as no critical decisions are made with the model. It is used for illustrative purposes and is not used in any operational system. If such a model were to be used in an operational system, the quality might not be sufficient.
The model can only be used in a certain range of screw sizes. In addition, no general statements can be made about the behavior of other robot types. Finally, the model has been created for a very specific sequence of movements whose generalizability has not been tested.
The model was trained with 2,126 entries
Yes, a cross-validation was carried out
The data was collected in a real-world experiment using a Niryo robot and commercially available screws. They consist of categorical values, e.g. the screw type and numerical values, e.g. the screw length or the screw weight. The target variable is a binomial attribute that represents success with True or False.
No data was withheld.
The attribute Klammer-Typ has the greatest influence.
The following attributes were used: Schraubentyp, Kopfbreite (mm), Kopfdicke, Länge (mm), Gewicht (g), Durchmesser (mm), Beschichtung, Klammer-Typ, Winkel (in Grad).
Model a23b is used to predict whether a Niryo robotic arm is capable of grasping specific screws and placing them into designated holes. It is based on a decision tree. To predict whether the screw will be successfully placed, the model uses various characteristics of the screw to be placed as input and generates a binary output.
The model uses a decision tree to make decisions.
In order to use the model optimally, care must be taken to use the same attributes with which the model was trained. Care must also be taken to ensure that the value ranges of the attributes match those of the training data set.
The results of the model show whether a screw could be lifted and inserted into a suitable slot.
The model is used as a prototype to validate a research question.
The model returns a Boolean in the form of Fail/ Success as the result.
Which algorithm achieves the best results for the dataset niryo_dataset_september_2024?
The decision tree was used 2 times for this task.
Usually about 90% can be expected, at best 93.4%.
Yes, the Klammer-Typ attribute also has a major influence on the result in other models.
The Klammer-Typ attribute describes the type of gripper arm used to grip the screws. There are silicone, notch and standard.
Clamp type is related to robot arm
The model can be improved with additional data sets that extend the value range of the previous data. The use of different robot arm types can also improve the generalizability of the model.
Drift is unlikely, as the attributes and the test setup are not subject to fluctuation. However, one possibility would be that the performance of the robot arm decreases over time, meaning that screws that could previously be lifted can no longer be lifted.
attribute_test_durchgang is an ID for the dataset and attribute_label is the result of the experiment and has to be included.